I drove out to the orphanage today.
I go every month, remember?
The chiIdren are so cute.
If I have a chiId, maybe I'II raise her
out there in the country.
Show her fIowers and trees.
PIus, it's cIose to SeouI.
The tow truck?
They said it'II take a whiIe.
I Iove your voice.
It feeIs romantic
to hear your voice in the snow.
HoId on a moment.
Got a fIat tire?
Yes, I caIIed a tow truck.
In this snow,
it couId take a whiIe.
HoId on.
Let me take a Iook.
I said it's okay,
but he's Iooking at it.
ReaIIy?
Just wait for the tow truck.
No, it's not hard
to change a fIat tire.
But why bother
when a tow truck's coming?
HoId on a sec.
Status?
Okay, got it.
HeIIo? Ju-yeon?
I'd better get going.
Lock the doors
and just wait for the tow truck.
What?
HoId on.
Love is...
Sweet like...
A mother's...
Tow truck's on its way.
Why does he bother?
Too many peopIe here today.
Sorry to be working
on your birthday again.
I'II be home soon.
Your car's compIeteIy sunk.
Thank you, but I'II just wait
for the tow truck.
Thank you.
STUDENT SAFETY VEHICLE
Why isn't he Ieaving?
Mister...
Wait...
Your skin's so soft,
Iooks Iike it'II be easy.
PIease don't kiII me.
Why not?
I'm...
pregnant.
PIease, Iet me Iive.
Dong-su! Dong-su!
- What?
- Come here, quick!
Chief!
Why'd you come here?
Stay at home.
We'II keep you posted.
What's going on?
What happened to my daughter?
Don't Iook!
Nothing's for sure yet.
- Detective Cho!
- What?
What's this?
Move it.
It IooKs Iike a head.
FIip it.
Forensics!
Come here, quick!
We found the head!
Look after Chief Jang!
Chief! Sir!
Ju-yeon! Ju-yeon!
Stop taking pictures!
You caII yourseIves humans?!
BIock them off!
At Ieast, heaven heIped us.
Otherwise,
we might never have found her.
How ironic.
I was a poIice detective
for over 30 years...
and I couIdn't even protect
my own daughter.
Stop smoking, sir.
I'm sorry.
ReaIIy.
I'm so sorry.
To you...
and to Ju-yeon...
I'm so sorry.
Forgive me, Ju-yeon.
I wasn't there for you.
Always late...
Never there when you needed me.
But Ju-yeon...
I promise you this.
I'll make him pay for your pain.
Soo-hyun...
For how Iong?
There's no rush.
Do you want one or two months off?
AII I need is two weeks, sir.
Take more days.
No, I'II see you in two weeks, sir.
That'd be good for us...
But are you sure?
Then I'II see to it.
I hope you recover from your grief.
Get some rest.
How couId this happen?
Didn't he get engaged
just Iast month?
I don't beIieve this.
The capsuIe is equipped
with GPS and a microphone.
CooI, isn't it?
Good job.
ThanKs.
Sure.
Aren't you going back?
Huh?
Anything eIse to teII me?
No.
Right.
As you know,
I snuck this out.
If something goes wrong,
you and I wiII...
Don't worry.
Nothing wiII go wrong.
It Iooks Iike the poIice...
think these four
are the main suspects.
They've been accused
of simiIar crimes before.
- Hi, Soo-hyun.
- Hi.
Did you have dinner aIready?
I'd better get going.
I brought some groceries for Dad.
I'II be going then.
Take care, sir.
- You're Ieaving?
- Yeah.
Shit.
Quiet!
Remember this?
You reaIIy don't know?
Fine.
Sir.
What the heII is with him?
He's turning himseIf in?
Says he kiIIed the girI found
at Bangho Creek two months ago.
And the missing Shinchon girI case
a few years back.
AII of a sudden,
he has a conscience?
What the heII? Who did this?
You bastards?
No, sir.
An ambuIance came
so I ran up to see.
And this bastard
was practicaIIy dying.
What the heck happened?
WeII, he didn't say anything yet.
What the heII happened Iast night?
HeIp... me... pIease.
HeIp... me...
What's he saying?
Some bastard hammered his baIIs.
What?
That's insane!
Who broke your baIIs?
Who are you?
What the heII!
The buses have stopped running.
Where are you headed?
Pardon me?
Where are you going?
To Sung-min Apartments.
Sung-min?
WeII, it's kinda on the way.
Hop in.
I'II give you a ride.
It's okay, but thanks.
I'II give you a ride. Get in.
No, reaIIy. It's okay.
It's just down the road.
Hop in.
It's fine.
You sure it's on your way?
Don't worry. Get in.
What?
Huh? Nothing.
Is this a schooI van?
Ah... shit.
Where'd I put it?
Why?
Huh?
Why do you Iook
Iike you stepped in shit?
Never seen a thing Iike this?
Who's there?
Why do you need this
for the insurance money?
I have to identify
the poIicy hoIder.
There are too many peopIe
with the same name.
These are aII oId pictures.
Perhaps this one wouId do.
I'II ask a few more
standard questions.
Do you have additionaI
contact numbers for him?
I don't.
But his son does.
Sang-won! Sang-won!
Where'd he go?
I think it was Yang-pyung
or Chung-pyung...
Can you verify that this person is
the man I'm Iooking for?
Is this Mr. Jang Kyung-chuI?
It's Kyung-chuI aIright.
But...
is this a recent picture?
Why does he Iook so scary?
Insurance, my ass.
He doesn't give a shit
about anyone.
He abandoned his parents
and his son.
Like he'd reaIIy take out
a famiIy insurance poIicy?
It doesn't make any sense!
Don't taIk Iike that!
Am I wrong?
No use protecting him.
- Shut up! You oId fooI!
- You caII that a "son"?
Shut up!
Don't get me started!
How can you say that?
If you can't say something nice,
don't say anything!
Fuck!
By the way...
doesn't the famiIy get the money
if the poIicy hoIder dies?
Are you Sang-won?
Do you know
where your dad Iives?
Shit!
Why?
She's a reaIIy good singer.
- Maybe I can go.
- Of course you'II go.
My mom's gonna kiII me.
Go straight home, girIs. Okay?
Yes, ma'am.
PIease drive them straight home.
Of course.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Shit.
- Can I heIp you?
- Is Jang Kyung-chuI here?
- Why? Is there a probIem?
- We're the poIice. Where is he?
He's driving the kids home.
Shit. CaII his ceII phone, now!
Hurry!
LEARNING CENTER
Shit.
Do not cry on me.
Do not cry like a baby.
Let's see.
You have fair skin.
It's okay.
It'II be over quick.
I Iost my damn job.
Looks Iike things are fucked up.
But...
Shit!
Who says I can't Iike you?
What's wrong with that?
I can Iike you if I want.
Damn bitches in the worId
are aIways against me.
I can! Can't I?
Shit.
It'II be over quickIy.
I'II make it quick for you.
Jang Kyung-chul.
What?
You're aIone?
Are you a cop?
Must be right.
The cops found me this quick?
You're shitting me.
Guess you don't know
who you're deaIing with.
Damn cops.
What do you expect...
Anyway...
You son of a bitch!
Bastard!
What the heII?
The bastard's a compIete psycho.
Shit!
Oh, fuck...
Don't know where you're headed,
but you can hop in.
You don't want a ride?
There won't be other cars.
Why are you
aII the way out here aIone?
You're pretty Iucky, Mister.
Catching a cab out here.
It's on the way
for the man in the back.
You don't mind, right?
Of course not.
It must've been hard
to get a cab here.
Cars hardIy ever go by here.
I don't come here much.
Just for work.
You're reaIIy Iucky, Mister.
Did ya hear?
Strange things have been
happening around here.
So there aren't
any passengers out at nights.
But I have two tonight.
Looks Iike I'm Iucky, too.
Right, Mister?
Way out here
in the dark night.
What, Mister?
What's so funny?
Mister?
Yes?
You said we're aII Iucky, right?
Yeah, I did.
So?
The way I see it...
I think you're damn unIucky.
Crazy bastards.
You're young.
It'II heaI fast.
And soccer...
Don't pIay so rough
that you break your wrists, okay?
Who pIays soccer with
their wrists anyway?
Go easy, son. Got it?
Get going now.
Hey, shithead.
I ain't your son!
Shit.
Watch the way you taIk!
Take off your gIasses!
Take 'em off!
Shit!
Come here, you!
Come here!
Excuse me?
PIease come and get
your prescription.
Damn oId foIks aIways
taIking down to peopIe!
I'II rip your mouth off!
Watch yourseIf.
How oId are you?
Twenty-two.
Nice and young.
Got a boyfriend?
Excuse me?
Bet you have many, huh?
Ah... no. I don't.
You fuckin' pIaying with me?
A pretty girI Iike you
without a boyfriend?
You don't know how to do it?
Excuse me?
If you don't, you don't.
ActuaIIy...
I was about to have
a good time Iast night.
But some bastard
came and ruined everything.
So...
Iet's make this easy.
Take it off.
What?
Strip.
Try and enjoy it.
So, take it off.
Strip before I cut up
your face, bitch!
Strip now, bitch!
That's it.
Take off your bra.
Hurry.
PIease...
Good.
Take off your skirt.
You son of a bitch!
Who the fuck are you?
You bastard!
Wait!
Stay here.
He'II need to be treated.
Don't act so weak.
This is just the beginning.
Remember...
your nightmare's
onIy getting worse.
CIose your eyes, Miss!
Look away and
pIug your ears.
Son of a bitch!
Damn motherfucker!
You wanna die?
You wanna fight me, huh?
Damn son of a bitch!
Motherfucker.
Fine! Let's see who's the bitch here!
You bastard!
What happened, sir?
Did you have an accident?
His car must've staIIed.
Damn dogs.
AIways going wiId...
at the smeII of bIood.
Yes, sir.
Is everything okay?
Just worried that's aII.
The poIice think
I'm chasing after Jang.
The cops are after him
themselves as well.
I was thinking...
How about dropping it now?
- Sir...
- You've done enough.
I want you to stop.
But, sir...
Forget it.
TaIk to you Iater.
It's me. Se-yeon.
- Soo-hyun.
- Hi, how are you?
Good.
How are you?
WeII, just busy
working on something.
ReaIIy?
What kind of work?
You know what I do.
I'm asking about
what we don't know.
Dad gave you
the police files, right?
Soo-hyun?
I know how you feeI,
but I hope you'II stop.
It won't bring her back.
Whatever you do to punish him,
things won't change.
Revenge is for movies.
That bastard's a psycho.
Sorry. I have nothing
to say to you.
How come?
We're practicaIIy famiIy.
You know how I am
these days?
I keep Iooking back,
thinking I'm being foIIowed.
And you have nothing to say?
So, pIease.
This is pointIess.
PIease drop it.
Sorry, I'd better go.
And this is not pointIess.
Soo-hyun!
Water!
Get me water!
Aren't you sick of it?
Try it.
You can't get sick of it.
Once you taste this,
you can't eat any other meat.
Crazy bastard.
What did you just say?
Why you IittIe...
Gone insane from
eating human fIesh?
Wake up!
I'm Jang Kyung-chuI!
Yeah,
I must be damn crazy.
This meat's so good,
I Iost my mind.
Why do I cry when I get tense?
Crazy bastard.
Remember when we first met?
Trying to form a miIitant group
to fuck over the worId!
Those were the days.
We weren't afraid of anything!
Cut the buIIshit
and give me a cigarette.
Bet he's a famiIy member
of a bitch you kiIIed.
If not, he's some totaI maniac.
He's our kind.
He's enjoying the excitement
of the hunt.
Catching and Ietting go
of the prey.
He's pIaying the hunter.
He reIishes torturing his prey.
Man...
I think you're screwed this time.
The bastard must've gone crazy
after losing his bitch.
You've created a monster.
How interesting.
Get some sIeep.
We've got pIenty of rooms.
You can sIeep anywhere.
I'II go prep my next meaI.
Damn bastards.
He's enjoying the excitement
of the hunt.
Catching and letting go
of the prey.
He relishes torturing his prey.
He's playing the hunter.
Your nightmare's
only getting worse.
Amusing...
Now...
I used up aII the guts?
Not here, either?
Then...
Shit.
Come on.
Didn't you see your sister?
If you fight it,
it'II be more painfuI.
I'II end it quickIy for ya.
So why be suspicious of us?
We didn't ask for money
or the house!
CouIdn't Iet us in, huh?
I'm sorry.
I'm reaIIy sorry!
ShouId've apoIogized
a Iong time ago.
Damn bitches.
AIways acting up
when it's too Iate.
Wait.
Hands, feet,
then head, was it?
CIose your eyes.
Better not to Iook.
Where the heII?
How'd you come in
without making a sound?
I'm... pregnant.
I was wondering about you.
You don't Iook Iike a monster.
Sick bastard.
Hands, feet, then head.
Right?
Just Iike you did.
Nothing more, nothing Iess.
You sick psychos!
Son of a bitch.
Why? Why? Why?
Why, why...
Why...
I'm actuaIIy reIieved.
You had me worried sick
about you.
It's secret agent
Kim Soo-hyun, right?
Want me to show you
what he's been up to?
Make him stop.
He can't become a monster
to fight the monster.
You know that's wrong.
Where is he now?
Your wounds are treated.
You'II be okay.
You and that bastard
were out for two days.
What happened?
Sir?
Hand the bastard over.
I'm far from done.
What are you going to do?
You know...
It feeIs Iike a huge rock is
pressing down on my chest.
Big and heavy.
I promised Ju-yeon that
I'd make him feeI the same pain.
It's not over.
Far from it.
Okay, no more questions.
By the way,
how's the capsuIe working?
UnIess he has diarrhea...
Don't worry.
The bastard's compIeteIy out.
He'II be out
for another day at Ieast.
Sir?
You've changed a Iot,
you know?
HeIIo.
Pain kiIIers, pIease.
With dexibuprofen.
Dexi what, sir?
- Just give me the strongest kind.
- Sure.
Where are you?
Guess you aren't around.
Are you Iistening?
Of course you are.
It's been a bIast.
TotaIIy unexpected fun.
You!
Want me to guess
who you are?
Your bitch was Ju-yeon?
From Yeon-hee-dong, right?
You hear me?
But, you made a mistake.
You took me for granted.
You'II regret not kiIIing me.
I'II get you soon.
HeIIo, there.
Wait.
I'II show you what reaI pain is!
What are you doing!
Hey, you!
By the way...
before she died, she said...
that she was pregnant.
Begged for her life.
Did you know?
Go! Go! Get here quick!
Or the man I Ieft inside is dead!
ShouId keep cIose range
when hunting me.
What the heII!
Where have you gone?
Do we have to do aII this
to save bastards Iike them?
Seeing scum Iike them
makes me sorry to be human.
CaII me when they wake up.
What is it this time?
Yeah. What is it?
What?
Are you sure?
Okay.
Hey.
Jang Kyung-chuI is
turning himseIf in.
You made a damn mistake fooI!
Wake up.
I have a question.
Where might our friend be?
You ticked off the wrong guy.
He aIways gets even.
Know what that means?
First your girI, then her famiIy.
Then he'II give himseIf up
to the cops.
But...
your woman didn't have it
aII that bad.
UnIike me, Jang Iikes to give
pIeasure before pain.
He gives pIeasure first.
Get it?
Funny?
That's funny?
You think it's funny?
I'II give you
a permanent smiIey face!
I traced Jang's call.
I was tapping the cops
investigating Jang.
Jang just caIIed them.
Said he'll turn himself in today.
He says he's doing something first.
What if he fucks up again?
Where's he Iocated?
Yeon-hee-dong.
ParceI deIivery!
Is this Captain Oh?
I'm Kim Soo-hyun.
What?
What the heII have you done?
If something happens to him,
I'II kiII you!
Got that, you bastard?
Send the cIosest men
to the Chief's house now!
Turn the car around!
Not much resembIance.
Ju-yeon must've taken after
her mom.
Good thing
she doesn't Iook Iike you.
Why'd you come at me Iike that?
OId bastard!
You crazy? Huh?
Wait a minute.
Where did I put it?
What shouId I do
to make that bastard fIip?
WiII this do the trick?
Like this?
And this! And this!
Like this? Fuck.
Dad?
I'm home.
- What's going on?
- Stay back.
Back away, pIease!
- What happened?
You can't come in, sir.
Who the heII?
What is it? Step aside.
You're Kim Soo-hyun?
You stupid son of a bitch!
You know what you did?
How dare you come here!
Damn piece of shit.
Back off. Let go!
Damn son of a bitch.
Step aside. Move!
HeIIo?
Jang Kyung-chuI here.
You bastard!
Where the heII are you?
You didn't hurt Se-yeon
did you?
You'll find out later.
What?
Take this.
HeIIo?
So?
How does it feeI?
You shouIdn't have fucked with me!
You piece of shit!
Who do you think won?
You think you won?
Or me?
Jang Kyung-chuI!
Sir! It's Jang!
Wait! Not now!
Search the car!
What's that car?
What the heII!
Stop that car!
Stop it now!
Get him!
Catch him!
Okay, you're right.
I made a mistake.
I underestimated you.
I'II treat you right
from now on.
You son of a bitch!
What the heII are you doing?
Come on.
I'm just getting started.
KiII me!
You son of a bitch!
KiII me, now!
Hurry up and kiII me!
You bastard!
KiII me now!
Not yet.
It won't be Iong.
If it was that easy,
I wouId've kiIIed you aIready.
I'II kiII you at your most
painfuI moment.
When you most trembIe
in pain and fear,
I'II kiII you then!
Because onIy that
wiII be reaI revenge.
True revenge.
Let me Iive. PIease?
Don't kiII me.
PIease...
Heard that many times, haven't you?
PeopIe begging for their Iives.
You enjoyed that, huh?
Don't kiII me, pIease.
I'II pay for my sins.
So...
Let me go, pIease.
Haven't you done enough?
PIease, don't kiII me.
I'm so sorry.
I beg you.
Are you scared?
Say it.
You're scared?
Do you reaIize now
what you've done?
Stop fucking around with me!
You son of a bitch!
Hey.
Cut the buIIshit.
You aIready Iost.
You think you got to me?
Huh?
Fuck you.
I don't know what pain is.
Fear?
Don't know that, either.
There's nothing
you can get from me.
So...
You aIready Iost.
Got that?
I hope...
that you suffer even after you die.
Son of a bitch!
You hear me?
You shit! It ain't over.
I'II Iive no matter what!
You hear me, shithead?
I'm not scared!
You think you can fuck with me?
Dad?
Hey!
Don't open the door!
Dad?
Sang-won!
Don't come in!
What the heII is he saying?
Don't open it!
It's stuck.
No! Why the heII
are the oId foIKs here?
- Kyung-chuI!
- Mom!
- Are you in there?
- No, Mom!
Don't open the door!
Shit! Get away!
Kyung-chuI!